""MIND BLOWING""      It is a Fantastic deive Which I have ever seen...    It is an UNCOMPRAMISE device...    Good Job Guys..       READ MORE    | [Vijay Durga, 21 Mar, 2017

Exceedingly good!    The fingerprint reader works like a charm. Sharp display. Really cool camera. Google voice assist is very responsive. Reliance Jio works seamlessly.    Buy the lunar grey. Its better looking. Have purchased both.       READ MORE    | [Aditya Modi, 22 Mar, 2017

After 10 days use...    Good phone...    Camera is performance is good...    battery is good,pretty decent...    design is good...    (Its feels even better then shown in pictures)    performance is excellent...!!!(no lags)    Display is also good    5.2 inch will not disappoint (doesn't looks small)    A decent buy...!!!       READ MORE    | [Saurabh Dutta, 19 Mar, 2017

Excellent phone overall based on a 1-week experience of mine. I would rate it 9/10.    Pros - Very good camera, Android 7 works like a charm, 4G and GPS are swift to use.    Cons - The Metal body is substandard as it already has a few dents thanks to an unfortunate fall; hence the design is a bit slippery I should say.    But overall, a great phone at this price and I wholeheartedly recommend this phone at a 15kish budget range.       READ MORE    | [Kiran A, 28 Mar, 2017

Satisfied with the product - value for money.      Only drawback that I could feel is - they could have provided with dolby atmos speakers    which are provided by lenovo even on their low priced models.       READ MORE    | [Flipkart Customer - Aswatha, 8 May, 2017

Worth money!! One of the best smartphone in this range. Camera quality better than moto g4 + although laser auto focus feature is absent in moto g5/g5+ camera performance is good.    Display 5/5    Gaming performance 5/5    Features and sensors 5/5    Value for money 5/5      Feels good in hand!!      Looks just perfect like any other flagship device.......       READ MORE    | [Himanshu Singh, 7 May, 2017

I'm loving this device.    Everything is good.    A slight disappointment is in the camera but that's fine too unless you are a selfiholic :P.    Rest everything is just super.    Thanks Lenovo :)       READ MORE    | [Flipkart Customer, 20 Mar, 2017

Review after 2 Days of usage     Camera quality is very good, Specially macros     VOLTE working fine     No heating issue observed     Lovely moto actions      Fast Charging takes 1hr 30 mins for 5% to 100%     Google assistant works fine if you are a beta user (need to update Google play services )     Took long time for delivery     battery reached 25 % in 6 hrs ( may b because of continues usage)     No Gallery app (need to use google photos)       READ MORE    | [Rohan  Monis, 19 Mar, 2017

For Clarification purpose    Guys it supports VoLte       READ MORE    | [Bitu Singh, 19 Mar, 2017

Purchased on the same day it was launched and got it the day another day..... Using it now..... It's an awesome phone with awesome features..... With a sleek &amp; metallic design, it surely wins everone's heart..... Worth buying this..... :-)       READ MORE    | [LALIT MOHAN SINGH MAHARA, 19 Mar, 2017

Issues in G5.    1. Heating problem while using 3-4 apps    2. Cast function is not working    3. No fast charging. 1% per min.      Apart from these issues, rest performance of the phone is good.       READ MORE    | [Flipkart Customer, 26 Mar, 2017

The Phone is just a killer. Awesome performance, Amazing Look, Amazing camera, just happy buying this phone. Turbo Charging Charges 50% in just in 30mins.      The Cons are:-    1.I guess the speaker should be more loud       READ MORE    | [MAHESH KESWANI, 19 Mar, 2017

Best budget phone in this price range ....Was impressed with the battery life ....Decent camera performance.....Looks is always a plus point considering previous moto generation phone....No lag while using the phone....       READ MORE    | [Flipkart Customer, 1 May, 2017

Abbreviation review!!!      M - Marvellous    O  - Outatanding    T  - Terrefic    O  - Obviously best in class      G. - Great Camera    5. - Fabulous Fantastic Fascinating Fast Five star product      A Must Buy!!!       READ MORE    | [Rushil Saxena, 8 Apr, 2017

Got today my Moto G5 plus(32gb),Lunar grey...so im writing my views:    1.Gorgeous looking mobile and feels so  premium phone while holding in hand.    2.Display is punchy and crisp.    3. Speaker is loud and clear.    4.Camera is just Awesome i tested in low light conditions,truely best in its class.    5.Build quality is great!.lens cover on rear camera is glass not plastic like moto g4.    Only thing i feel shortcomings or Cons, that:--    1.they should have given 64gb storage for higher end model.    2.Laser autofocus for very close up shots..    Rest everything feels so nice!!    JUST GRAB YOUR MOTO G5 PLUS...AND TRUST ME YOU WONT REGRET.       READ MORE    | [Flipkart Customer, 17 Mar, 2017

The hype created about this phone is utter disappointment. There are two major issues with the phone and the very important ones:      1) BATTERY ISSUE    It just drains so quickly, even when the phone is locked, it seems to drain very fast. I had J-7, which had similar 3000 mAh battery, compared to it I feel the real capacity of G5 plus battery is around 2000-2200 mAh. Also it takes 2 hours to charge phone from 15% to 100%, I donno how it is fast charging.      BIGGEST DISAPPOINTMENT. What's the use of a good phone if your battery cannot last long ENOUGH. You can't do anything with a dead phone.      2) CAMERA PERFROMANCE WHILE VIDEO RECORDING:    I cannot believe that the video recording would be so pathetic. I could see black vertical stripes when I put the camera on video mode, I could see it all the time during recording and while playing the video. TOTALLY DISAPPOINTED. EVERYBODY PLEASE OUT YOU CAMERA ON RECORDING MODE AND CHECK FOR THE ISSUE.      I am definitely raising a replacement or refund request. I will keep updating here.        Thanks       READ MORE    | [Vinayak, 21 Mar, 2017

Asked for replacement.    Got another piece.    The lock button of the new piece is pressed in. It is almost levelled with the phone body.      Motorola is a disappointment. It was good once upon a time.    Manufacturing defects in 2 products which I bought and replaced. So, for me, it is 100% probable that every phone has a manufacturing defect.      Flipkart provides only one time replacement. And I have got defective pieces both the times.      Phone is gud, but manufacturing defects in every piece and poor policies made it a bad deal for me.       READ MORE    | [Amit  Yadav, 27 Apr, 2017

Awesome set by Moto    All new Stock Android Experience    Nice vibrant screen    Dedicated SD card port in Hybrid Slot    Nano ports for both sim    Nice battery life    Nice quality sound    VoLTE active    Both Cameras are best in the range(after Samsung)    One key nevigation is best feature    Nice design good finish.       READ MORE    | [Adarsh Pagare, 1 Apr, 2017

Bought with 10% sbi card offer Rs.15300/-. Great Deal super mobile...       READ MORE    | [Saravanan Mohan, 20 Mar, 2017

Today i received moto g5 plus...Good looking phone with good features...Camera quality is exceptional....Installed many apps and performance is still good...Played graphic intensive games....phone does not heat....value for money...       READ MORE    | [Ranjith B, 18 Mar, 2017

Except sound quality rest of the things good for budget       READ MORE    | [Thiruppathiraj P, 17 Mar, 2017

Amazing phone in this price range..my opinions based on 2 days use -      Pros -    &gt;Premium looking phone    &gt;Touch is smooth    &gt;Stock android    &gt;Onetouch nav is excellent    &gt;Unbeatable camera performance in this price range    &gt;battery back is good    &gt;comfortable in hand    &gt;separate micro sd slot      Cons -    &gt;No LED notification light    &gt;No Amoled display    &gt;Battery could have been bigger for this price        Additionally, hats off to Flipkart for delivering the phone on 2nd day....       READ MORE    | [Manoj Kumar, 18 Mar, 2017

Every worth for money.    Starting from looks to its performance everything is great in this phone.    Size of the phone is perfect, camera outstanding, gaming is superb.    If someone is considering to buy this product then don't think much just go for it.       READ MORE    | [Shubham  Rai, 22 Mar, 2017

Awesome phone    1. Battery life easily 1full working day    2. Stylish looks and feels premium while holding it.    3. Front camera is very good even back camera  too.    4. 3.6gb ram is avilable for use    5. 23gb intetnal memory available for use    6. Overall a value for money phone       READ MORE    | [Saroj Patnaik , 29 May, 2017

I am writing this review after 10 days of hardcore use.  This phone works like a beast. If you want a budget phone whichgives performance as well a good camera then just go for it without looking on bad reviews.  Any phone is not perfect. As we all know that every phone has some cons.  So I m dividing this reviews in pros and cons.      PROS    1. The main thing  of this phone is its rear camera.  It is best in 20k range. Stop buying oppo and vivo phone for camera. They are just fooling us and charging a high price.    2. This phone comes with android 7.0 which means that it comes with new features.    3. The design of the phone is very good it look very sleeker in real than in photos.    4. This phone gives top notch performance.  I actually feel some frame drops during ashphalt 8.  But they are not noticable.    5. Sound quality is good both during call and via audio jack      CONS    1. Volume is not too loud.    2. Moto should provide good accessories.    3. Its battery can be more good.    4. Front camera is not too good it is just average.      If these cons cannot affect you then go for it.  this phone is more good than rn4, honor 6x, samsung on nxt.    If you like my review then hit like button.       READ MORE    | [Flipkart Customer, 22 Apr, 2017

Well,without wasting any time..I'll write the Pros and cons (What I feel after 2 days of usage).      Pros:-    1.Nice display..Not the best 1080p display,but lives up to expectation.    2.Lag-Free experience with near stock android and handy moto experiences.    3.A great 12 MP camera that focuses very fast and can do well in low lit conditions.    3.Nice design with aluminum back which has a good amount of grip and is sure to grab some attention.    4.Turbo charger charges the 3000 mAh battery very fast which can easily last for a whole day.    5.The fingerprint sensor is also very fast and this phone also comes with NFC which is going to be handy if android pay is launched in India    6.One thing in which moto G5 really shines is that it provides a separate micro sd and SIM card    Slot...no need to compromise.And yes,This phone supports voLTE      Enough Pros,Now lets Check the Cons:-    1.No led..You have to pick up your phone to check the notifications.    2.We also don't get 64 Gb of storage with the highest version...There is expandable storage but come on internal storage is the one on which most people rely on..Also when future updates come..The storage will reduce even more.    3.The headphones provided with this phone are shit..Seriously,even Micromax provide headphones which are better than moto's.    4.For me a 5.2 Inch screen is OK..But for many people It is not as per as their requirement.    5.No Google assistant guys..Yes,This phone doesn't come with google assistant preinstalled don't be in the wrong notion that you're gonna get Siri like assistant on your phone..That doesn't mean that assistant won't come..It will,but not anytime soon.    6.Probably the most worst thing is that the phone gets warm during navigation and heats up while doing some resource intensive tasks like playing games...It doesn't lag but gets considerably warm.      Well,while I definitely recommend this phone over other phones (Redmi Note 4,Honor 6X)    You have to mind that this phone costs more than them..That might be a problem for many buyers..Anyhow..This is a great phone with some great features.It's a great buy,Trust me..You won't regret.       READ MORE    | [Flipkart Customer, 18 Mar, 2017

Its about 3 days i m using this device    PROS:-    1-Looks premium with 7.7mm thin    2-Screen quality and saturation great    3-Battery backup is also very good, lasts upto 1 day full    4-faster Performance with 4gb ram    5-Camera quality is good    6-Network connectivity also good but it can accept 4g in single sim while another sim will be 3g/2g ..also volte supports in 4g    7-dedicated sim slot with micro sd    CONS:-    1-Lack of focus to near objects due to lack of laser autofocus ( hope motorola can solve it with future updates )    2-front camera is decent    3-lack of compass sensor    4-little bit heating issues       READ MORE    | [Himadri Keshari Swain, 21 Mar, 2017

My review about moto g5 plus-    1)Launcher is very similar to pixel launcher but not so fliudic.    2)a bit of heating issue while charging    3)camera is top in this price segment    4)battery nearly comes a full day of average use but has a good stanby time    5)the display is a bit warm    6)ram management is pretty good    7)full metal body but i do recommend a good case    8)has nfc and output from headphone jack is pretty average    9)houses a single speaker but is pretty loud    Please do like my review and support me       READ MORE    | [albin baby, 17 May, 2017

Perfect premium mobile.      Edit: writing this after 2 days of usage.      Pros.    1. Great premium build    2. Great camera (both front and rear)    3. Great Android experience    4. Great screen resolution      Cons.    1. Battery       READ MORE    | [Jaspinder  Singh, 17 Mar, 2017

Heating Issue,    Battery Drainage too much,    Automatic phone off,    some time fingerprint sensor is not working,    lagging issue too much.,    the low voice coming when on call,      even it is'not able to take 1 star.    plz don't buy this moto g5 plus       READ MORE    | [Flipkart Customer, 7 Apr, 2017

Great purchase overall. Motorolla never disappoints.      Pros:    Excellent product.    Good build quality.    Smooth touchscreen and finger print sensor and gorilla glass protection.    Loved the one finger navigation feature. -Camera quality is awesome.    Decent display.    Impressive battery back up along with turbo charging option. Phone gets full charge in around one hours. Not much heating issue.      Cons:    Support 4g in one sim only.    I dont like lenovo logo during boot up animation.    Sound quality, both through built in speakers and headphones not upto mark. They should have included some more equilizer options to enhance sould quality.      Edit: literally now i want to give 0, but it is not possible. Motorola guys gheated g5+ users. They sold us for 17k, now within 6 months they slashed the price and adding to the cause they launched another phone g5s adding some extra features @   15k! Seriously? How could you cheat your loyal customers?       READ MORE    | [Narayan Dutt Pandey, 18 Mar, 2017

pro :-    1.unbelievable performance    2.camera is great in low or outdoor light condition  n front camera is also great in all lighting condition    3.this phone has ELECTRONIC VIDEO STABILIZATION    3.speaker is good    4.battery life is Awesome (thanks for snapdragon625)    5.Stock Android  (no bugs)    cons : -    this phone has led notification light but they had disable the led       READ MORE    | [Rahul Manna, 12 Apr, 2017

I had previously used Moto X2, which was amazing and the new Moto G5 plus is the worst experience with Moto.      1. Battery gets heated Everytime while charging    2. They say fast charging, but it takes 2hours for full charge.    3. Worst audio quality while video recording, too much of background noise.    4. Camera quality is not so great as they advertise       READ MORE    | [Prem Kumar, 23 Apr, 2017

Received it today.    Proper packaging and delivery.    Good phone. Everything is proper       READ MORE    | [Noshirwaan Aibada, 17 Mar, 2017

Redmi note 4 Vs Moto G5 plus        no slow motion recording : Slow motion recording    no 4k recording                   : 4k recording    no gorilla glass                   : gorilla glass 3    Hybrid Sim slot                   : No Hybrid sim slot    no security updates           : Guarantee updates    No fast charging                : Turbo charging       READ MORE    | [Anil Kumar, 25 Mar, 2017

Write a review after 2 days of use. Have to write review because some review might misguide you so here we go    Pros:    1. Excellent build quality. Phone look awesome.    2. Excellent camera  Average front camera (as I am not selfi lover so its ok foe me)    3. Battery. It gives one day of use and even if u drain out u can charge it with turbo charger (my experience charged 15% to 80% in 55 min). As it runs on nougat even it has 3000mAh battery it perform very well. Some guys said redmi has 4000mAh in less price but it does not have turbo charger. Ya but it should have 3500mAh battery.    4. Game and app runs smoothly and lag free.    5. Fingerprint censors work very well. Gestures are promising.    6. It support VOLTE (use jio VOLTE). Good calling no call drop, nice voice quality.    7. 5.2 Inch display  excellent hd display... True colour... Issue for big screen lover (my opinion if u are big screen lover go for tablet... as it is mobile it should be handy)    8. No hybrid sim slot. We can use 2sim &amp; memory card simultaneously. As it come 16 GB &amp; 32 GB variant as compare to other flagship they give 64gb in less price but they have hybrid sim slot.    9. Has loud and clear sound.    Cons:    1. Cheap headphone. U have to use third party headphone.    2. No leser autofocus.    3. Considerable generate heat while using navigation. While using gaming and other use it heat little bit but bearable as u use back cover it does't notice u also.    4. No google assistant. This phone does't come with preinstall google assistant.that doesen't mean that assistant won't come  it will, but not anytime soon.    5. Mono front speaker  issue for some chinya chinya lovers  not for me as I don't require booster sound. As we should know call is coming that much of sound enough for me and this phone does so.      Final impression, as for me, we can ignore the cons. Solid performance. Best buy. Better than redmi note 4 and honor 6x.    (Some guys says wait for baap is coming  nokia is coming  I say to those guys Nokia doest manufacture their mobile write now. HMD Globle Company manufacture mobile and sell using brand name of Nokia)    hope you like my reviews thank you.       READ MORE    | [Ajinkya Jadhav, 20 Mar, 2017

The Best phone in this price range.Camera Quality is superior.Battery is quite supportive for 24 hrs of backup.Overall design and perfomance as they say is uncompromised.       READ MORE    | [Naveen  Almadhi, 18 Mar, 2017

I am writing this review after 1 month of uses so I write it into two part    1)prose    - having ok camera not the grate one    -performace is also nice    - nothing else is grate    2)corns    -there no focus on quality control.  The display of this phones are no properly fix in the body so that's why there are small gap in between body and display this happened two times with me    - no native video calling option is there so that's why we have to use 3rd party video calling app    - also don't have compass sensor because of that u face trouble gps location finder    -only back panel is made up of metal and all the edges are made up plastic    -There is no option for battery percentage  on status bar    - also there is an heating issues with this phone    - turbo  charger is not that fast it takes 1n half to 2 hours for charge       READ MORE    | [Aditya Chavan, 11 Apr, 2017

One of worst phone I had ever buy    Phone is heating too much,it is almost impossible to hold in hand.    Also make matter worst Mobile is non-refundable soo guys think twice before you buy.       READ MORE    | [Ajay kumar singh, 24 Mar, 2017

Looks Stylish.    Awesome Performance. Perfect for gaming :D    Camera Good.    Battery backup to Good. No heating issue.    charge 0 to 100% within 1 hour 30 min.    am totally satisfied. Thanks flipkart.      Don't think much. Just go for it.       READ MORE    | [Ashish Mondal, 11 May, 2017

Phone looks very good. Got it delivered in less than 2 days. Camera is good    Battery capacity is real good.    No lag while playing heavy games too.    Fingerprint best of it's kind I should say.    Only con is " It doesn't support 4g on both the sim cards at same time ".    "Premium budget mobile" is the better word to describe this phone       READ MORE    | [Koushik Garikapati, 18 Mar, 2017

The phone is really good for the price range.    The only slight issues I could find were    1. The speaker if really soft    Otherwise it is amazing at battery life specially the turbo charge nails it. It does heat up very Little while charging , but no issues in performance.    The camera is good with features like dslr control and 4k recording, the screen res is also good , it could have been a lil more bright like Motog4plus .    The high end games work without any lag,    Finger sensor is very quick in response.    It's a good phone over all .       READ MORE    | [Flipkart Customer, 29 Jun, 2017

I was wondering I would've given 5 stars   if you could've  send me the phone which is in working condition. But your sent non working phone! That too basic functionality of vibration is not working... Frankly shame on you rite???      Apart from vibration it's good features and specs. You can easily buy this without doubt but like this happens because of stupid sellers. They think buyers as fools...      Flipkart you could've verified before delivery of the products rite? Why don't you do that?      You simply earning money but we are wasting our money and time.       READ MORE    | [Naveenkumar  Hanchinamani , 21 Mar, 2017

Just awesome    If your budget low definitely go for Redmi note 4.    If price is not your bottleneck go for Moto G5 plus. Apart from speaker everything is good although I am not a fan of stock Android. Go for it guys....       READ MORE    | [Rizwan Khan, 22 Mar, 2017

This is the first time i bought a phone of Motorola co. and from Flipkart. I opted for the fast delivery, and got it like it was mentioned.    Box was seal packed. Phone is running smooth and i am in love with both of these( Flipkart &amp; Motorola)       READ MORE    | [Karan Sharma, 21 Apr, 2017

Moto G series is the best.       READ MORE    | [Flipkart Customer, 18 Mar, 2017

It's been more than a week.      battery runs for atleast 1 and a half days. Charges very fast, thanks to Turbo charging    no heating issue encountered till now.      Camera is good.      a very good pick for the price.       READ MORE    | [Revati Krishna, 15 May, 2017

Horrible wifi connectivity issue. it does not connect to Home wifi.    All my other devices connected to my router expect this so i am ordering a replace phone.    I am not happy with this issue.       READ MORE    | [M G Raghavendra Rao, 1 Jun, 2017

Very Bad experience.    I recently purchase this product. Play store service not working in roaming. Camera quality is poor . Video recording quality very bad . 4k recording not play properly.speaker quality not good as expected.Bettery backup very bad. I really disappointed.       READ MORE    | [Deepak Nohal, 28 Apr, 2017

Pros:    1. Dedicated memory card slot.    2. Decent Camera.    3.Fast finger print sensor with multiple functions.    4. Awesome look.      Cons:    1. No latest USB type C.    2.Not complete metal, Sides are made of plastic (May be to support antenna).    3.Low speaker volume.    4.Cheap quality headfone.    5. Over priced.      Hope now you guys can decide about your purchase. Thanks       READ MORE    | [Abhishek Kumar, 23 Mar, 2017

Phone is having over heating issue so I went for replacement then Flipkart representative called me and was giving me following solutions to fix the issue      1) Reduce screen brightness  (I  wonder they could have disabled brightness adjustment slider)    2) Don't keep applications running in background (What is use of 4GB Ram ? )    3) Minimize battery consumption ( I will have to be very cautious  while using phone)    4) Reboot it whenever possible (After reboot magic will happen)      I tell you it is  worst kind of  customer support anybody can get after spending good amount of money to have better phone.      Flipkart is not recommended at all for expensive products.       READ MORE    | [Vivekanand Mote, 11 Apr, 2017

Performance is fast. Both, front and rear cameras are great. Nice images even in low light condition. Battery performance is also good even with 3000 maH.       READ MORE    | [Osheen Dari, 18 Mar, 2017

Using this handset from last 5 days. Screen resolution is really good. Battery lasts full day, Tried with heavy usage with video playing on wifi and GPS, location enabled. Phone calls are major contributor in battery consumption. Camera is ok. Sometimes gets significantly warm while charging. 0 to 100% charging takes approx 1.75 hrs while phone is kept switched off. Android 7 is ok. 24 GB available for user out of 32 GB internal storage. 3.6 GB ram available for apps out of 4 gb. Metal body looks good but little slippery so you may want to buy back cover. So far looks good buy.       READ MORE    | [Gaurav Gupta, 22 Mar, 2017

I've been using the G5 plus 4gb for 2 weeks now. Exchanged it with my one plus one for 6k plus a discount with my SBI card. So, all in all a good deal. The phone is great for the price. Stock android. Smooth experience. Minimal lag. The Camera is great. Battery lasts for a day, with 3g data turned on most of the time. Turbo charge is ok, not as fast as expected. Nevertheless, it's not a major issue. I'm really happy with this buy as of now       READ MORE    | [Niyaz Ashraf, 12 Apr, 2017

I think it is the best camera under 22000.it's camera is better than j7prime ,Mi note4,.there was used a Sony sensor ,if you notice carefully, 2more sensors beside the camera lense, which always flashes.you can not see the flash in open eye, take another mobile and open it's camera, then put it on g5plus 's camera, now you can see the flash, it is dual pixel auto focus, the camera pixel number on g5plus is below than j7prime and Mi note4, but the camera pixel size is more and more better than the two others bigger pixel means better photo, it is not true that 13mp is better than 12mp, it depends on the sensors and pixel size of the camera so definitely you should buy Moto g5plus, no hang, no lag, no problem, but you must need a back cover to protect camera, because there is a camera bump on g5plus       READ MORE    | [Flipkart Customer, 21 May, 2017

****UPDATE AFTER 40 days USAGE****    Microphone noise issue is very annoying. Recorded videos are mostly unusable due to high background noise, and during call, if outdoors, the other person cannot hear you at all.      Very problematic and moto/lenovo is not giving any bug fix for that. I mailed them and just got a generic answer - "soon". DO  NOT BUY if this will hamper your work. Others, flood lenovo with bug fix request, they are ignoring their customers.      *********************************************************************************************************************************        I bought this on the launching day with cashback offer and hence cost me 15.3k, which I think was a good deal for moto G5 plus.      Using the phone for 5 days now, and I have previously used Moto G1 and G2, here is my concise review (vote it up if you found useful)-      Pros:      1. Sleek, metal design and a great improvement over G4 (personal opinion)    2. Camera, great performance in low light and general day 2 day usage is very good, full manual mode is an added plus    3. Stock android feel    4. Moto actions are quite useful and I found moto display a good implementation as well    5. 3000 mAh is enought for a full day use even if using heavily    6. Snappy performance    7. Good sound output via headphones    8. Fingerprint reader is quick      Overall it almost ticks all the right boxes  for someone looking to buy a reliable brand and good mid-ranger phone. However, there are some small cons that I think I should convey to you before you choose:      1. Autofocus in close subjects (macro) is really problematic, changing to manual focus makes it a lot easier    2. With the fast charger, from 10% to 50% it took me 30 mins avg (charged 3 times till now), so not so fast like advertised    3. Very very slippery back, cover is must    4. Front camera quality is just average (moto could have done better)    5. I feel , it is overpriced by atleast 2000-2200 rupees.    6. needed 64 GB storage!!!!! Y MOTO Y!! storage is very cheap to implement!      So, keep these in mind while deciding to buy, none of the above cons are deal breakers maybe, but it can be important for you depending on usage. For me, the focus issue is the only real con      Hope I gave you somewhat objective views about the newest member of moto g series, been a fanboy, and love this iteration too.       READ MORE    | [Abhiroop Biswas, 21 Mar, 2017

I was very excited for this phone. I have been waiting for it's launch for more than a month, and it is finally here.      Delivery was fantastic - got it within 2 days in a very good packaging.      For the phone, well, I have been using it for 2 days, and here's what I liked:    1) Camera is awesome, and low light performance is amazing. It might not be as good as the Galaxy S7 Edge, but I'm satisfied with this kind of performance, given the price.    2) With the one-button navigation, I'm getting quite a good screen area in a very aptly sized phone! It feels like a 5.5' screen that way.    3) Battery is great - I got 40 hours of usage from 100% to 2% with normal usage, all-day Internet with a combination of Wi-Fi and 4G.    4) The more powerful LTE modem works like a charm; there's better signal reception (with great stability and speed). Even the VoLTE performance is very good!    5) Heats a lot less than the G4 Plus!      The few things that I didn't like were:    1) No magnetometer,    2) Only one speaker doesn't give a good sound experience,    3) The SD 625 isn't much of a performance-driven processor, and a 652 could have been appreciated.      Overall, it is a good buy and a value for money. I would still not recommend anyone to go with the 3 GB / 16 GB model - rather just put in 2000 bucks more because it would be worth the spend.       READ MORE    | [Pranjal Nadhani, 19 Mar, 2017

I am writing this review after 1 month of usage (53 days precisely) to help people decide. I am overall satisfied with this phone.  Pros and Cons in detail for the 32 GB, 4 GB variant      Pro's      1. Dedicated micro SD card slot    U get a dedicated slot for micro SD card allowing u to use a SD card along with 2 SIMs      2. Screen size 5.2"    5.2  screen makes it comfortable in hands than its 5.5" competitors      3. Battery    The 3000 mAh battery easily lasts for little more than a day with moderate usage. I am not a very heavy user. I get more than a day of battery (i.e., 24hrs-27hrs) with activities such as:      1)	keeping 4G data ON constantly    2)	using 2 SIMS    3)	listening songs    4)	watching videos    5)	browsing    6)	downloading and uploading in social media apps    7)	attending close to 10 calls    8)	activating my wifi hotspot for few hours to share internet    9)	watching a movie, etc.      The screen on time I get with such usage is easily more than 6 hours      4. RAM is 4 GB    The 4 GB RAM offered in this phone allows for multi tasking with ease      5. Got a premium look and feel    The metal body and the thin design offer a premium look while being light weight at only 155 gm. Please note the side (i.e., the bezel) is made of plastic as claimed in many articles on the internet      6. Buttons only on one side    The volume rocker and power buttons are on the same side (right side). Since the buttons are not on both sides, accidental pressing of buttons are very less      7. Internal memory 32GB    32 GB internal is decent and is expandable up to 128 GB      8. Finger print scanner is very gud    First of all the finger print scanner on this phone is at the right location (which is right below the screen on the front at the center) making it really convenient to use. Also, the finger print scanner is super sensitive making it quick      9. Tough screen    The Corning Gorilla Glass 3 on the Moto G5 Plus makes the screen more durable and tough      10. Gud quality images using the rear camera    The rear camera with f/1.7 Aperture offers gud quality images in gud lighting conditions. Image rating in gud lighting is 7.5   8 out of 10      11. Smooth performance using the Qualcomm Snapdragon 625 Processor    The Snapdragon 625 processor used in this phone ensures a smooth performance and manages power consumption quite well. Qualcomm snapdragon processors are a gud choice (read various internet articles that compare phone processors)      12. Offers Android Nougat 7.0    This phone offers the quite recent OS of Android dat is Nougat 7.0. Also, some intrnt articles suggst dat this phone will get updates in the future which will allow upgrading the phone to newer OS vrsn      13. Gestures to start camera and flashlight    This phone offers gestures to start camera and flashlight like chop twice to start flashlight and twist twice to start camera      Cons      1. No LED notification    There is no LED indication for notifications      2. No Compass sensor    This phone does not have a compass sensor so if u were to use a compass app, it would not work. Also, GPS navigation will work only if u have an active network with data      3. Flashlight does not stay ON for a long time if the phone is kept idle    If u have switched ON the flashlight on this phone and have kept it aside to do some work, the flashlight is not going to stay ON for a long time. It will go OFF in some time and then u will have to start it again      4.  OK Google  is not effective    The  OK Google  function on this phone is not sensitive and at times does not function. May b a future update could solve this      5. Speaker not loud enough (6 out of 10)    Though the sound quality of the speaker is gud, I feel the volume is not loud enough. Again, it depends on the user's choice whether or not to have a loud speaker. I would have preferred it to be little louder      6. There is slight heating issue when there is heavy usage    The phone tends to heat when there is heavy usage. However, u will hardly notice it if u are usng a gud qlty back covr      7. Slight metal sound when the phone is shaken    I noticed a slight sound of metal whenever I shook the phone but it did not create any problem.      8. The earphones offered are not of gud qulity    The earphones do not look and feel up to mark.      9. Turbo charg not fast enough    For me it took somewhere between 1   to 2 hours to charge from 0 to 100 %      10. Need for a back covr to protect rear camera    A back cover is required to protect rear camera from scratches as it is bulged      That's it. Rembr, the behaviours culd vary frm device to device even if the model is same. Also Pros and Cons mntnd r based on my exprnce and point of view and may differ wid others. Most of it should remain the same though.      Verdict      This phone offers gud specs for the price &amp; d brand has been in d mrkt since fw yrs. Hardwre qlty is gud. Gives stsfctry prfrmnce &amp; is  not vry far behind any top-notch phne. Go ahead &amp; purchase the phone if d Cons do not bother u. Rest all is gud.      Hope the review was helpful. Thank u.       READ MORE    | [Dilip Nair, 29 Jul, 2017

Got it delivered on 19/3/2017. After 15 hours of usage it's time for review. Will be updating after 1-2 weeks of usage.      Pros    Premium build. Perfect Design and Display    Best camera in this price range    Snapdragon 625 is too good. Played FIFA &amp; Asphalt smoothly (lagged once or twice  in 40-50 mins of Asphalt)    Battery : Still 52% left after heavy usage (playing 90-100 mins of heavy game, downloading apps from playstore, calls, whatsapp, camera)    Turbo Charger.    Android Nougat (Stock Android)    Very fast and responsive FP sensor.        Cons    Speaker, not that good.    Should have been 64GB.    No Google Assistant. Will receive an update(Don't know when)        Note : Few people over here were saying need to install jio app to place jio calls. It's VolTE supported, i placed calls without any jio app.       READ MORE    | [Mahesh Thapa, 20 Mar, 2017

Good phone in this range       READ MORE    | [sampath reddy Challa, 21 Mar, 2017

All the functions are great but there is one major problem with the battery    It is showing me 9 hours until fully charged....    It is taking so long to charge even 5% difference is taking upto 30 min    What is the work of turbo charger when it cannot charge readily??    I am surely going to ask for a return       READ MORE    | [Jasmin Kaur, 31 Mar, 2017

Its been 2 days since I have been using Moto G5 plus....everything is great... Camera...speaker...display      But..there is a major bug with this phone...the notification sound is not working...i.e. ...the call ringtone...alarm ringtone and other ringtones will not work....the phone will only vibrate.      I searched for solution and they replied to try force stop the chrome...and it worked...no idea whats d logic behind it....but please note this fault is a recurring one....and u again have to force stop the chrome.       READ MORE    | [Flipkart Customer, 21 Mar, 2017

BUY IT IF YOU GET AN OFFER    Am using it for 20 days    Am not a gadget geek and not aware about all the inner stuff so giving u the normal info..    Pros..    Awesome camera (rear) front is ok u can use it for  group selfie ..(u can't get Samsung camera !!)    Solid build    Looks good and everything else a normal phone does .      CONS    No gallery app only Google photos    Headset is very normal actually worst and the sound quality in it is not up to the mark    The sim slot is detachable and i literally thought I broke it when I opened it first and if u use old sim and not nano sims..that getting it fix in the slot is quite an issue..I went to a mobile shop to get help to make it fit.    And twice the audio stopped working..!! I couldn't play music or video ! Once I switched off and the second time I cleaned junk..am really worried about that thing now..hope it won't come again.    It's a good phone but buy it if u get it for 14k or 13k ...I am regret getting it for 17k       READ MORE    | [Flipkart Customer, 28 May, 2017

Expected a lot better camera. The images are not so clear.       READ MORE    | [Nishant  Gupta, 20 Mar, 2017

I bought this mobile for my wife. I haven't used it much. She is loving it. She is very light user ; just Surfing, YouTube, watsapp fb etc. Hope the phone will serve the purpose well. I am using Samsung Galaxy S6 since 1 year. Compare to this mobile S6 is very heavy. Moto G5+ is very lightweight. Though the specs ar same and more. Wonder what kind to technology or material used that the phone is so light weight. Apparently the phone looks great. Camera and back metal is awesome. Let's hope for the best. Loving it.       READ MORE    | [PRAKHARJYOTI  BISWAS, 20 Mar, 2017

Best phone till yet under 18k       READ MORE    | [Deepanshu Bhalotia, 20 Mar, 2017

Writing after using for a Week.    All good so far with No heating and super new OS. No lagging with games like Super Mario &amp; FIFA. But disappointed with 2 major things: A)No speakers basically..I mean it's a basic one inscr ibed inside headphone speaker resulting in Extremely Low Sound.    B)Not at all a Turbo Charger. It takes 2hr and 10-15mts apprx to fully charge. I charged with my old LG G3 charger as well and bouy it's the same timings!!!    If u are fine with above two issues, grab the phone!!       READ MORE    | [Flipkart Customer, 8 Apr, 2017

Just giving 4 because it's still early to say this phone is 100 percent perfect. On my usage for the past 12 hours in loving it.       READ MORE    | [AMRUTH VVKP, 18 Mar, 2017

Here is the few good things which I noticed    Decent build quality    Turbo charging support    Near-stock Android Nougat experience    Quick fingerprint sensor    Bad about Moto G 5 plus    Heating issues    No LED indicator    Loudspeaker not very good    Low-light camera performance could be better       READ MORE    | [neetesh  sharma, 24 Apr, 2017

After 24+ hours of usage here is my viewpoint,    Build quality is very firm and looks very premium. One will love the detailing on the back panel and the chrome garnish around the bezel looks upmarket. The overall form factor is compact and easy to use, thanks to 5.2-inch profile and extreme light-weightedness. Though there is a slight bump for housing the back camera, one needs to be extra careful while putting it on flat surfaces. The IPS LCD when not lit shows strange horizontal lines when seen very minutely. The Lunar Grey color closely resembles gunmetal hue which is again a very good thing. From the exterior point of view, the phone is a beauty to behold and a personality statement to flaunt.    Now coming to day-to-day usage, the phone simply surprises. It gives you a flawless buttery smooth experience with the stock Nougat. There is absolutely no lag and believe me SD625 does wonders here. And thanks to 4GB of RAM  multitasking and multi-window operation becomes so easy. Graphics is surprisingly great with a stable 30fps even with intense gaming. The screen is punchy and adequately bright. But sunlight legibility could have been further improved. For me, the battery lasted for a good 30 hours with mixed usage. In my opinion, the 3400mAh battery that does duty in Moto Z play would have returned a fantastic endurance result. Still no complaints with the battery.  Coming to the show-stopper the amazing camera coupled with dual pixel 1.7 aperture. It gives stellar images and excellent low light performance. With a host of professional mode features one can take exceptional snaps with a single tap. Only complaint here is the lack of optical image stabilization. The front camera is a mediocre unit, though still, it gives you good selfies and the screen flash helps to some extent. One more excellent thing about the phone is it's audio output via headphone jack. The sound quality is terrific. I use a pair of JBL T150A ear buds and it just adds up to the amazing experience. But the external speaker is very harsh to listen and the call volume at times seem very low even when cranked to the fullest.To sum it up, the Moto G5 plus is truly an all rounder. It gives you adequate performance, great user experience, a stellar camera, assured fast updates, premium build, while all this without compromising on battery life.    Build - 9/10    Performance - 8/10 (One cannot expect anything more from SD625)    UI experience - 9/10 (Stock Android Nougat with assured updates)    Display - 8/10 (AMOLED would have done great)    Battery - 8/10 (The competition has a 4100mAh unit)    Primary Camera - 9/10 (Just because OIS is missing)    Secondary Camera - 5/10 (Either a better sensor or a front flash was sorely missed)    Call Quality - 7/10 (Speaker volume is a little unpredictable)      One thing should be kept in mind, with that price tag, you cannot get everything. While still this phone is a complete package and offers exceptional value.       READ MORE    | [Sibasis Das, 22 Mar, 2017

Flipkart is worst site ever.    Dont buy anything from this site.    This site never helps.       READ MORE    | [Karan Garg, 2 Apr, 2017

Speaking about the camera, the images look washed-out. I need a camera equally as much I need good performance. Would like to return the Device to Flipkart. Kindly help.       READ MORE    | [Rohit Raj, 19 Mar, 2017

Received defective product as lines in display like a ruled book even when the mobile is on or off. Highly disappointed.       READ MORE    | [Flipkart Customer, 25 Mar, 2017

The camera is very blurry but the pictures turn turns out to be clear. Don't know what this blurry issue exactly is. Anybody else facing the same issue.       READ MORE    | [Hina Jajoria, 19 Mar, 2017

I am upgrading from my Moto G2 to Moto G5 plus. Moto G2 was very good build quality with sleek performance for first 2 years, then it started to lag, and it became necessary to upgrade my phone as lag issues went on increasing in last 1 year.      Moto G5 Plus:    - Built quality is amazing and stylish,    - round edges are always nice    - Gorilla glass is flawless, i never use screen guard, i like to keep my gadgets bare naked.    - Battery life with very heavy uses like gaming and Youtube whole day is about 14 Hours AND with moderate use is about 20-24 Hours    -Fingerprint sensors work like charm    -Moto one button gestures are very useful and work well.    -stock android is awesome too. works well with 4 GB RAM and Snapdragon 625. No Lags at all.    -Mobile charges in 100 Minutes to 100%    -Camera performance is average, good for what you are paying.    -Overall a Good phone as you get value for money.       READ MORE    | [Ajay Thote, 3 Apr, 2017

Front camera is having lot of noise, no detailing please suggest if anyone facing the same problem       READ MORE    | [Flipkart Customer, 18 Mar, 2017

Flipkart delivered the product one day in advance. Packaging was bad this time. It seems like the packaging guys were in hurry as they have to ship so many g5s.    Now come to the smartphone, display is good, sound quality is clear and good. Metal body feels premium in hand. Fingerprint sensor is superfast. You will get around 23GB free rom to use. Camera is ok (not so real colors). 4GB RAM make the user experience so smooth. I have played a few heavy games and all run smooth, no legs found. I heats a bit as it has the metal body so its obvious. It also support VOLTE, for that use your 4G sim in slot 2, no 3rd party app needed for that. Some people reviewed here that it doesn't support VOLTE, i think they just posted without giving a try.  Headphones provided with the phone are of cheap quality. But audio output of phone is very good as i have checked in other headphones and also in external speakers. Overall nice phone and i'll 5 star to this champ. You can go for it without any second thought. Hope this review help!!       READ MORE    | [Ravi Tomar, 20 Mar, 2017

a quiet decent budget phone! but if your main concern is that of a camera, I wouldn't suggest this cause my moto G4+ IS WAY BETTER in this aspect. And I wish there was the 64 GB handset available in India. I love using it.       READ MORE    | [jammy, 14 Apr, 2017

Good       READ MORE    | [Ashish Nandy, 19 Mar, 2017

Delivery: Satisfactory, was delivered in less than 24 hours from the time of placing the order. SMS triggers helped understand the status of the delivery.    Quality of packing: Satisfactory, the product was covered in bubble cover for safety. Delivery as assured, sealed and have no reasons to complain.    Product: Had the contents as mentioned in the web page.      Now about the product: Been close to 4 days since I am using this device. Previously I was using Samsung Galaxy Note II. Quite a fall from a brand perspective. Here are some first hand feedbacks. Shall make it short and simple.    - Over all the product is satisfactory both from a feel perspective and over all performance of the mobile.    - Battery charges quickly in less than 2 hours to full charge. At times I have seen the mobile heat up during charge but this cools down when you plug it off.    - The charge lasts for a full day inspite of using internet and phone reasonably (for now)    - the features in the phone are only reasonably appealing but the finger sensing and its positioning is truly sensible thing, it is positioned well.    - Image quality of the photos are satisfactory    - There is app about 70% of GB space available for usage. I have an extra Storage card but accessing this seem to be a problem ( I am not sure if this is a problem as I am yet to explore the way to do it, the music wma file was not playing in the phone (irritable) and I had to install some app which had all the permissions possible under sky). External storage, accessing and its usability, moto - you should improve.    - Quality of calls are somewhere between ok to satisfactory. I think they can do a better job on this. Speaker does not have enhance button like the Samsung which I used    - There may be some specific features you are used too in your older phones that may not be available in this for example I have been trying to figure out how to get speed dial in this phone and I learnt it is through widgets (one contact per widget) annoying wrong by moto!    - The screen touch / response I feel was better in Samsung. Feel there is a lag though I cant say it is negligible. Do miss my Samsung as some of the features and feel were better.    - Phone directory cannot be stored in device and uses ones gmail account (another very annoying feature, this is a big let down for me).    - The options in setting could have been better and easier. I am still figuring out some in the phone. (see its not easy that you navigate and know, u end up asking or googling, Samsung was way easier).    - Not faced any lag in the performance for now.  No hanging or heating of phones.      Over all the buy is satisfactory considering the price range. the phone awaits a real performance test. I have listed some negatives above but have rated it good for the positives. the close competitor to this phone mode, while I was deciding to buy, were Samsung, Lenovo Z2 plus.      Have no reasons why cannot recommend this phone to another. over all good job moto, cheers to R&amp;D team.      Mark "Yes" if this comment was useful.       READ MORE    | [Rajeev  Menon, 26 Jul, 2017

Awesome ram management. Guys it's beast in this range.       READ MORE    | [Flipkart Customer, 20 Mar, 2017

Using the phone since yesterday, till now I have not faced even a single instance of lagging    For those guys who reviewed that Volte does not work, guys please check again, Volte is WORKING perfectly fine.    Did not have the opportunity to explore the Camera app, but the few shots I took were awesome.    The best thing about the phone is the near stock android experience.    Eagerly waiting for the update to Android 7.1 from Motorola/Lenovo       READ MORE    | [Ayan Das, 19 Mar, 2017

Heating problem is dere m going to contact flipkart for replacement or cancellation of order       READ MORE    | [Flipkart Customer, 23 Mar, 2017

1. Not Value For Money (Highly Over Priced)    2. Turbo Charging isn't working    3. Battery Draining very fast    4. I am surprised No LED for Notifications.    5. Camera Performance is Average    6. Both Sim Cards slots are Not 4G    7. Poor Speaker Very Low Sound    Highly Disappointed with this purchase    I feel like I lost my Hard Earned Money       READ MORE    | [Ravi Prakash, 9 Apr, 2017

Mobile looking super       READ MORE    | [Vennapureddy  Ganapathi Reddy , 18 Mar, 2017

First of all....    BATTERY LIFE is Brilliant.    No heating device..    Camera not as much as Moto shows in ads.    Overall nice budget phone.       READ MORE    | [Anikesh  Singh, 18 Apr, 2017

Using this phone from the last 2 days    Good phone by Motorola .  Display is good solid built and. It's very light ..not sure about the Google assistant update.. overall good device by Motorola.. better than Redmi note 4...       READ MORE    | [pradeep kumar, 21 Mar, 2017

Kudos to Flipkart and team for delivering the product within 36hours. Now about the phone- the phone is very light, design is also good. Best thing is the Camera.. Lowlight images are clear, the Dual Autofocus Pixels lets you lock focus in a blink. The front camera has great colour accuracy with adequate light, lowlight images were so-so.    Played heavy games like wwe immortals, mortal combat 5 without any lag thanks to the 4gb RAM.    Sound is not so good.    Turbo Charging functionality was must as I never get the time to connect the charger for more than an hour.    Both Sim supports 4G.    Overall 8/10..       READ MORE    | [Amit Khanna, 18 Mar, 2017

Performance wise no problem but I found heating issue       READ MORE    | [Shaikh Faizan, 19 Mar, 2017

NO NATIVE (direct from phone with 3rd party app) VIDEO CALL OPTION AVAILABLE IN THIS PHONE AS LIKE IN SAMSUNG, MI AND OTHER BRANDS. MOTOROLA SHOULD PROVIDE THIS FUNCTION TO THEIR USERS OTHERWISE phone is good. camera in low light is very good. All over phone is good in this price range.       READ MORE    | [Pravesh Malik, 20 Jul, 2017

1.A lot of hanging and lagging issue on apps and games    2.A lot of heating issue    3.volume dead on apps and games    4.sim card tray doesn't work    5.auto power off and on issue      I got the worst online shopping experience from flipkart.. It's very easy to give a statement of easy return but it never goes same....providing defected phone then wasting your time by formalities and in the end.. you get nothing but a defected phone .... #nomoreflipkart      Well at last in place of replacing my item they    said go for service centre... I am going to    complain it in consumer court.. And soon gonna    launch a video about reality of flip kart.. Now u    just wait and watch..       READ MORE    | [Krishnakant Purohit, 20 Jul, 2017

Well I need not discuss about the processor speed and other specifications of the phone, as they have been already discussed in other reviews. I ordered for grey variant and though it looks bit masculine in nature but I like it. This has been lucky for me. Now I feel confident. Earlier people used to ignore me but since I had ordered this phone behaviour of people has changed towards me. Now my seniors entrust me with confidential work unlike before. I already had grey coloured Activa and helmet so to match that combination I ordered grey one. Now I only need a grey dress. I regret why this phone had not been released earlier. Else I would have escaped so much of humiliation. Anyways now I find my life filled with happiness. I think of one song for this phone " Tum Jo aaye zindagi me baat ban gayiiii ".       READ MORE    | [Charvi Singh, 24 Apr, 2017

I have purchased moto g5 plus 26 days back,from the very first day i am facing problems with this phone.Touch screen is not working properly,when i complained regarding the problem with flipcart they refused to take it back.Flipcart is cheating many people because they are not fulfilling return policy.I will never ever purchase anything from flipcart in future ,will not allow anybody from my circle to purchase anything from these cheaters.       READ MORE    | [Flipkart Customer, 16 Apr, 2017

Arguably the best all round smartphone under 20K.       READ MORE    | [Ashish Verma, 19 Mar, 2017

Really cool and sleek phone. Very smooth stock Android and a powerful camera. G5 is uite delightful to use.       READ MORE    | [Vikram Sharma, 20 Mar, 2017

Use with charm, very good mobile       READ MORE    | [Flipkart Customer, 2 May, 2017

I got this beautiful looking phone, today.    Despite all efforts, VOLTE does NOT get activated when using default Moto G5 dialer with Jio sim card - like it works on Moto G2      I spoke to Motorola customer care and they are suggesting that I use Jio4Gvoice to make calls with Jio sim card.    This is nonsense!      I am asking Motorola / Lenovo to quickly issue a Firmware update to activate VOLTE by default so I can use the default Moto Dialer and VOLTE to make calls using Jio sim card WITHOUT the need to use third party applications like Jio4Gvoice.      I have asked them to confirm in writing that Motorola / Lenovo will NOT issue a Firmware update to activate VOLTE by default on Moto G5 plus (so I can use the Moto default Dialer and VOLTE to make calls using JIO sim card).      Once I receive this written confirmation I will return the Moto G5 plus to Flipkart and take my refund and buy some other phone that has 4G on both Sim cards and has VOLTE activated for use with default call dialer.      Will update this review based on future developments ...       READ MORE    | [Khushroo Satarawala, 19 Mar, 2017

Very disatisfied with the product      The golden colour model look very cheap    The phn start hanging from the first day.    When used with jio the phone comes in a loop and come to contact list .    Sound is not good as expected    Camera quality is very poor .. original colour goes missing from the photo.      Will not suggest to buy..       READ MORE    | [Parag Sahu, 14 May, 2017

After one day of use , the first look is more like :-    Pros - * smooooothhhhh    * extra moto features like chop for torch    * fingerprint scan = sexyyyyyyy    * back camera =too swanky , lot of options to manipulate the quality . Efficient use required .    * battery = above average at a price point like this .    * brand value .    * i bought the fine gold one and i swear it looks damn hot .      Cons - * front camera = average    * after half an hour of youtube , the device got slightly heated up . Like very slightly !    * screen size = okayish ! (Compact phone lovers not a con for you ).      Well that's all !  15000 /- for a phone like this is worth it all .       READ MORE    | [Flipkart Customer, 10 Aug, 2017

MOTO G5 PLUS- Best budget mid range phone.    Using it for 2 days, i found phone running smooth just lagged for few seconds once otherwise worked superly fine.    Happy with- Smoothness, Stock android Performance, Turbo Charge, Finger print sensor.    Not liked- Camera bump, voice calling clarity, low MAH battery !       READ MORE    | [Anup Jaiswal, 27 Apr, 2017

Yeah, like most of us are doing right now, I was also looking at the user reviews so as to get a good idea about this product. So, I thought I would give my review too, could help somebody. I ordered the phone &amp; got it within 5 days.    I'm not so happy with the packing because dust was there inside the box &amp; the seller name was also different. The seller name on my box was Health &amp; Happiness Pvt LTD which is not the one they have mentioned on the site. Flipkart should be a little more careful about this, because nobody wants to see dust on something new that they buy.    The delivery was good, way before the expected date &amp; the product was in a perfect condition. After using it for a week, I am quite happy with it.    I think I must say this, the phone is really looking great, not as they displayed on the site. I bought the grey one &amp;  It's really catchy.    There is no lag or any kind of stuck while using it as it has the latest software update. I saw many people complaining about heating problem, but I didn't find that. The battery is descent, though I play online games, it lasts a day. But for this price it could have a little more bigger battery.    The cameras are good too, but I find some problem while taking videos, it catches even the minute background noise. If Moto can do something about this, it will be great.    The main advantage of this phone or the prime reason for me to buy it, is that it has a separate slot for memory card which is lacking in all other phones competing with this. I don't want to carry two phones &amp; if something happens to my phone I don't want to loose my data. So, if you are a person who uses two simcards &amp; a memory card, I would recommend this phone.    I think this is for now, will give a detailed one after using it for sometime. Thank you.       READ MORE    | [Flipkart Customer, 22 Apr, 2017

Phone is fast !work very well but video call is not available in the phone and the delivery boy was very argumentative foolish and a fu**king cheat       READ MORE    | [Nikhil kumar The guy, 20 Apr, 2017

Good product value for money, looks great in hand, buttery smooth, one thing I observed phone automatically lost wifi network and it is very frequent mai be OTA update will help, camera is average overall phone is good.       READ MORE    | [Anirban  Mandal, 15 Apr, 2017

Nice phone made by Motorola. Camera quality is  good. Stock Android experience make phone faster. Good phone in mid range.       READ MORE    | [Kamal Sharma, 18 Mar, 2017

Is moto g5 plus led flash dim and yellowish or my phone is defective.plz confirm.       READ MORE    | [SOUMYA RANAJN DWIBEDI, 21 Mar, 2017

Flipkart wants me to believe that delivery means delivery and no matter if the product was defective or damaged. Replacements will happen though different process, will have to wait till the defective product is picked .      I have been running pillar to post to understand why -      1) replacement cannot happen though express delivery when you have already charged at the time of ordered, why should customers pay for delivery charges for damaged product    2)Call centre team suggest they have no clue about the seller and the shipment, is flipkart irresponsible  seller    3)Call centre Floor manager confirmed on 21st that  will receive confirmation by 22nd Morning  about the pick and replacement delivery schedule for the same date , which again was a false promise, neither did i receive any SMS or  a call    4) Call Centre Supervisor disconnected the call and didn't bother to callback  even in case if I have to believe that  call got dropped    5) 100 % payment has been made in advance, shouldn't flipkart repay for their  inefficiency    6) Damaged product is with me, so why i should hold the product and become the custodian till the time it is taken back, who is responsibility for damages their after      Following Lessons learnt-      1) Flipkart cannt handle the Product Launch so dont get attracted by their launches it will hurt you in the bargain    2) Never opt for Product replacement just cancel  and re book the product once you receive the cancellation confirmation as you will get 2  IDs to track and life will be easy    3) Avoid Flipkart as much a possible  for orders above 5k, may be they are good for lower value items they dont have sense for high end products.      DONT KNOW WHEN WILL GET MY SHIPMENT ??????????????????       READ MORE    | [Rajiv Singh, 22 Mar, 2017

Update 3:      It's a good phone but fails miserably in the most important area: ability to make calls!      It just can't latch on to the signal in areas where signal reception is not great. It frequently looses connectivity in such areas. If if Network comes up, the voice breaks or calls drop. The rest of the phones in the house on the same Airtel Network work perfectly fine in the same areas.      Also, the phone has problems finding and connecting to the best band - 2g, 3g or 4g. So signal drops from one band and disconnects then it keeps searching for another band and same story repeats.      There are many people complaining about the same issue on the Motorola forums but Lenovo has not cared to fix or it may be it is a hardware issue. Looks like Motorola quality is not being maintained after being taken over by Chinese company Lenovo.      This issue may not be noticed by new buyers but soon the owners realize it when traveling or visiting places where signal is little less.    ----------------------      You might have read about all the advantages already. It's a great allrounder. Flaunt-worthy design, lightweight, great performer, fingerprint sensor swipe functionality, pure andriod and awesome camera to boot. There is no perfect mobile ever. But it would have been almost there if these are there too:    -No multicolor LED notification. You never know if you missed some notificatons. But Moto Display helps a lot here. (There is an LED hidden inside the speaker grill. But Lenovo disabled it! Not a wise decision Lenovo. Get it going in the next SW update)    -3000 Mah battery only. 3500 Mah would have been great. But a power-efficient processor and bundled Turbocharger save the day!    -The bezels on the top and the bottom of the screen are huge and make the phone unnecessarily big. It's a 5.2 incher but the advantage of the smaller screen is lost since the phone is as big as a 5.5 incher phone.    -Why only 32GB??? It's a bad compromise moto! Atleast the 4 GB RAM model should have come with 64 GB internal memory. With whatsapp videos downloaded from chat groups, 32 GB will fill up before we knew it.    -No compass sensor!!! Seriously?!!! Why not Moto!!! It's very essential for navigation(maps). But a useless NFC is included.  Since most mobile devices still don't include NFC, the NFC payments will never become mainstream in the near future. I had a Xperia with NFC for 3 years and I know it's worthless. A compass would have been included instead of NFC.    Update- Aug 17. After a few months of use, the phone is providing a good experience. But keeps loosing signal if the network strength is not good. My wife's old Samsung Android smartphone works perfectly with the same Airtel sim in the same weak signal spots.    - The camera is not as great as Motorola claims. But it's still nice. Front camera is weak unfortunately.       READ MORE    | [Ashok G, 25 Mar, 2017

Everything OK in phone without speakers and microphone which have many issues regarding sound quality and many deflections also no any satisfaction from flipcart, totally nastier service.... And reject replacement and turn face on the issue.   ABSURD       READ MORE    | [Viraj patel, 27 Apr, 2017

Tis' a Nice Phone, priced so Fair,    Display so crisp, I see no Glare,    The camera did amaze me,    Aperture of f/1.7 too,    Can shoot in quite dark,    Tis' sure to amaze you.    Fingerprint scanner, did justice to the phone,    Tis' so accurate, got my mind blown.    Snapdragon 625,  performs like a beast,    Using it for hours, I still feel no heat.    Battery packs small, still lasts long time,    Turbo Charger is Bae, performs very Fine.    Looks very sleek, Tis' a beautiful device,    Also performs great, got some great Price.    Got Nougat in Stock, G Assistant you can get,    It has nano coating, In case things get wet.    It has Moto actions, maketh life easy,    Flace down for DND, in case you're busy.    Sure has lots things, For now met no flaws,    Sure to find some, but Moto deserve applause,    Tis' best device, under 20k price,    You shan't waste time, Tis' my advice.       READ MORE    | [Arshdeep Singh, 21 Mar, 2017

Those Who read the negative reviews and afraid about buying it through flipkart ... Please go for it! Its absolutely perfect ! Got it  the very next day i ordered and  its perfect !      Here r the reasons why g5+ is a better option than redmi note 4!      Camera is better in G5 + ! MegaPixels dont matter but the lens matter! And redmi sucks on camera but g5+ works perfectly in low light too and also front cam is so so good in details and perfect!    Battery is pretty good on both but g5+ has quick charging where it charges from 0 to 100 in 1.30 hours! Where redmi note  4 doesnt have !    Speakers r percent enough and gives you a premium feel!    So moto g5 is the only best option with 32 gb internal and a dedicated sd card slot and also moto g5+ will have regular updates which redmi note is still not guaranteed and finally the best part is that Moto g5 + is indian made ! So go for it !Hope       READ MORE    | [Flipkart Customer, 5 Apr, 2017

I was looking for a change after using  Apple iphone 5S from 2 years !! And i brought the perfect one Hello Moto.      This is company's most premium Moto G phone yet. It is also the most ambitious. It comes with a metal body. It also has a few special components like that much-talked about camera      Moto G5 Plus Fine Gold    Moto G5 Plus Plastic out, aluminium in. :)    Moto G5 Plus a smaller 5.2-inch screen easier to carry and easier to use.  :)    Moto G5 Plus has a design that seems more Awsomeeeeeee. :)    Moto G5 Plus Pure Android, pure performance    Android 7 aka Nougat not only looks good and is easy to use, it also works flawlessly on the Moto G5 Plus.    The Snapdragon 625 is a very efficient processor and it shows in the Moto G5 Plus    This is a good camera with 12 and 5 MP but it also could have been better with Lazer Auto focus    The Moto G5 Plus can shoot 4K videos :)    The fingerprint sensor, which is fast and accurate, too has a rounded shape unlike the ugly square one in the G4 plus    Moto app Fantastic, which allows some customization of interface, and opt for one-button navigation    One interesting bit with the G5 Plus is that it comes with a dedicated slot for the microSD card. No hybrid slot here      Overall.. I loved it.!! Thanks Moto.!!      I was disappointment, boz i ordered the phone on the launch date, unfortunately i got in on 20th :(       READ MORE    | [Lokesh Yadav, 20 Mar, 2017

Mobile is marvelous.....battery is good    No lag.....camera is awesome..I think Dolby atoms should be added by lenovo    ...but price is too high and moto made g5splus which disappointed me at this g5 price after 2 months of purchasing       READ MORE    | [Vinay Kanaparthi, 1 Sep, 2017

MOTO G 5 plus has  biggest concern is heating while charging , even it is worst when we keep any apps open.      I am frustrated with the heating problems else all functionalities are nice.       READ MORE    | [Shankar Bodke, 10 Apr, 2017

Low light camera is poor Quality       READ MORE    | [Dipak Nath, 22 Mar, 2017

Flipkart took 5 days to deliver product to my door way. I think to long but got my phone ,when I was sitting the phone it could not detect my own WiFi but can detect my neighbor WiFi....So, I call customer care they didn't response me .With the help of YouTube I was trying to find out what happening with my phone got no answers I change my mind to return the product so I reset my phone to data factory luckily!! I see my wifi Network then it connects with my WiFi.. I didn't used that much till now this phone but had no issue with over all performance.       READ MORE    | [Suraj Tiwari, 22 Mar, 2017

1. No turbo charging    2. Overheating after 1-1.5 h of usage    3. Bluetooth gets auto on after switching off airplane mode.       READ MORE    | [Flipkart Customer, 29 Mar, 2017

Everything seems good except for heating issue. got this two days back and it gets insanely heated when charging       READ MORE    | [Prasanna Sivalingam, 20 Mar, 2017

Overall phone is good. But its price drop now. So now go for Moto G5S plus. U will get 32 GB more storage, dual rear camera, better front camera with LED flash, better music with extra speaker, better built quality, better ram managment, 5.5 inch dispay, more options in camera settings etc. In moto g5s plus. So, spending Rs.1000/= more you will get many extra features in moto g5s plus. U can buy it at 16000 rs. We all moto g5 plus customers are cheated by flipkart &amp; moto. Moto g5 plus costing 16000 to 17000 rs. A few days ago. Now moto provide better  ph. In same price. I am really unhappy regarding this price. We should compansionate by moto and flipkart.       READ MORE    | [MANOJ BARUAH, 30 Aug, 2017

I ordered moto G5 plus on 15th march and Flipkart is very fast in delivering. I got my phone on 18th march.    According to me this is best mid range phone from moto. Here is my review after 4 days.    Pros:-    1) awesome camera(both back and front)    2) battery backup is really very good    3) screen resolution and screen quality is also very good    4) obviously it has turbo charger so it charges very fast(take 1-1:30 hours to charge)    5) it doesn't heat while charging    6) very good design as this phone has metal body    7) dedicated memory card slot    8) latest Android version    9) This phone has very highly rated chipset (Qualcomm MSM8953 Snapdragon 625)      Cons:-    1) 4 GB RAM comes with only 32 GB(most of the phones with 4GB RAM comes with 64 GB )    2) This phone doesn't have compass senser    3) should not have camera hump as camera lenses may get scratched.    4) Screen brightness is not quickly adaptive.    5 Faced some issues while calling(person clearly not able to listen my voice).I don't know if this is network problem or due to mic of the phone.       READ MORE    | [Vikas, 21 Mar, 2017

Excellent no hang or battery heat after simultaneously  running apps       READ MORE    | [Dinesh Yadav, 18 Mar, 2017

Camera not performed as Expected and as described on websites.    Color production is not good. Even G4 plus and X-Play worked better than this.    Camera worked awesome in Night ONLY. Breezes are so much space taking for a 5.2 inch screen phone.    My X-Play has the smaller dimensions although having 5.5inch screen.    Speaker getting activated after 2-4 second during a call.    Google Maps not able to provide correct direction as COMPASS is NOT there in phone.    Phone getting heated upto 40 degree Celsius which is fine.    No MOTO VOICE support for this phone.      Lots of Noise in video recording. Doesn't support Sony Earphones.    And bla bla bla...    Seller please take urgent action and Motorola common 17000 for a 32GB memory phone is not justified.    Common guys...    Will wait for response from Flipkart AND Seller too.    Got another handset as replacement ,    Now the issues :    Battery taking 3 - 4 hrs to get full 100% charged from around 10% left.    Camera focusing issues.    Video recording NOISE is too much.    Still NO COMPASS support.    I have asked FLIPKARTfor REFUND as I was in Love &amp; Faith with MOTO but NOW I DON'T BELIEVE MOTO- A Lenovo Company as neither the quality is maintained nor the Name MOTO.    Camera is taking BETTER PICS in NIGHT ONLY rather than DayLight.    Justification of this much price is Really Impossible.       READ MORE    | [Rana Pratap Singh, 21 Mar, 2017

Bought this phone on same day when they launched. Now I guess its 7th day. TURBO means super fast charging but its taking 2 hours to charge the phone.    Is this meaning of TURBO Charging?       READ MORE    | [nitin Jha, 27 Mar, 2017

Motorola is a trusted brand and it again proves it with Moto G 5 Plus.    Pros.    1. Software - If you are looking for a clean android experience Buy moto g5 plus. No Bloatware at all. and you can even disable all google apps including google search. Moto Experiences are a great Addition --Must have.    2. Call - GPS -Network - all seem fine.    3. Build Quality Excellent.    4. Excellent Camera for a mid range device - Don't compare with flagships.    5. Performance - Smooth - no lag. Fingerprint - Blazing fast.    6. Dedicated Micro sd  slot --  Freedom to use 2 sims with Memory Card. Irrespective of slot - Which ever Sim Card has Active Data will be on 4g.    7. Fast Charging - Really works Great.  No unbearable Heating as in sd 615/617.    8. Screen Quality - Is good with good Touch Response.    9. Speaker is loud and clear - No distortion at high levels. Lacks a bit of bass. Can manipulate via Audio Equalizer.    10. Water Repellent nano coating.      Cons.    1. No magnetometer --- Cant find direction when standstill - No issues with navigation though.    2. Battery could have been bigger - but no regrets as turbo charger comes in.    will update review if anything is comes up !!      You wont regret buying it.       READ MORE    | [Devang Joshi, 19 Mar, 2017

Waste of money....i buyed moto g5 plus before one month....im faced lot of issues on this phone    01.Mic problem..while in call our voice is not auditable not clear for opposite person    02.Speaker problem...not worth for 17k like basic phone    03.Back camera ok but front camera is not good    04.While in a call..not able to access contacts or notes mobile get hanging    05.While comparing samsung motog5plus is not a user friendly phone    06.4g direct Video call is not supporting    Pls dont buy this phone i just exchanged moto g5 plus for 6k only but i buyed this phone for 17k in online       READ MORE    | [Flipkart Customer, 21 Apr, 2017

Good value for money phone. Photo quality is pretty good. Call quality is good as well. HD display is very nice. Battery is enough to last for 2 days with moderate usage (watching short videos, phone calls and WhatsApp). Haven't used the phone for gaming, so not sure of gaming performance. App installations are lightning fast. No lag observed in the phone so far. Fingerprint sensor is very good and sensitive. Adaptive screen brightness works well. Overall build quality is pretty good and the phone feels quite solid in hand. What's more.. the phone is Made In India!!       READ MORE    | [Narayanan Vanu, 21 Apr, 2017

Simply the best phone in this range both software and hardware wise.       READ MORE    | [Vishal Arora, 19 Mar, 2017

Pictures are noisy, all image with blur.    Disappointed with camera.    I have compared with Xiaomi 3S PRIME.    Any one have this issue?    I want to return this device       READ MORE    | [Falguni Mistry, 28 Mar, 2017

Averege       READ MORE    | [chithari balaraju, 24 Mar, 2017

AWESOME (UNBIASED REVIEW)      Hello doston..im writing this review after 20 days of my usage..i bought this phone on 10 % discount for 15500 (max discount was of 1500)      Pros..    1-- 4k Camera (best under 20000 or even higher) Front Camera is also good, not the best but very good      2-- Display  full HD ( simply superb)      3-- User Interface  (stock android 7 nougat runs perfect) ( FINGERPRINT SCANNER works like a charm )      4-- Moto Actions  ( believe me you will love it )      5-- One button navigation looks really out of the league and works absolutely perfect)(fingerprint acts like navigation keys)      6-- Battery easily lasts a day with moderate usage(left around 50%  at the end of the day)  and with heavy usage it lasts a day with around 20-30% left ( TURBO CHARGER ENABLED )      7-- KILLER LOOKS TO SHOW OFF      8-- SNAPDRAGON 625 PROCESSOR makes this phone a mid range beast ( very powerful and very power efficient as well )      9-- GOOGLE ASSISTANT COMES INBUILT ( Huge plus over any other device in this price range and even higher)      10-- MOTO BRAND VALUE          CONS..    1-- I WISH THAT BATTERY SHOULD HAVE AROUND 4000 MaH LIKE REDMI NOTE 4      2-- Price should have been 16000 and not 17000 for the 4gb 32gb variant       READ MORE    | [Vikas Shishodia, 4 Apr, 2017

Very good phone from Motorola. Writing after usage of 24 hrs. For Jio users, Sim 2 is only VoLTE and Sim 1 is LTE only. Put Jio Sim in Slot 2. First I used Jio Sim in Slot 1 and had a trauma for 24 hrs for buying a wrong phone with only LTE and even thought of returning.  Flipkart specifications also specify only LTE on both slots. On the box it is mentioned VOLTE. Someone in Flipkart review mentioned Jio Sim when inserted in Slot 2 shows VOLTE. Then I changed the Jio Sim from slot 1 to slot 2 and to my relief VOLTE started working. Otherwise camera is good if not very good. No lagging and functioning is smooth. Battery is ok for 3000 mAh.       READ MORE    | [Nagasubramanian V, 19 Mar, 2017

Got this as a gift for my dad 5 minutes after the launch. I have bought the Moto E, G2, G3, G4 Plus all on the day of launch and I have had zero complaints till date. This one surprisingly had an issue when my dad received it and when he tried to boot the device it was asking for an Android password. I'm not in town so I had raised a replacement request instead of trying to let him use the boot loader options. Little did I know that replacement of a faulty device will be such a pain in the neck. No one called back at the stipulated time, I received no response to my email. Later, my dad called up the customer care number and had to detail the issue for about half an hour. Now they're sending a technician to look at the issue after acknowledging that it is a software issue. So I would have to wait for 4 days + (if they issue a replacement another 2 days), for the device. Please add another statement to your replacement guarantee "We will make sure the customers suffer as much as possible if the device doesn't work". Great work Flipkart!       READ MORE    | [Suraj Vadhul, 18 Mar, 2017

Hi all I am writing this review after using this mobile for the past 5 days      This product is absolutely a pleasure to use. In terms of design, form factor and the ease to use with single hand. The Snapdragon 625 does a good job in terms of restricting the heating issues and the Android nougat out of the box is such a pleasure to use and it enhances the smooth performance of the device. The 5.2 inches display producers vibrant and vivid colours.      The fingerprint scanner is mounted on the front side and trust me it is very fast. The fingerprint scanner can be used as a one touch navigation to do various activities like swiping left to go back and swiping right to check the last closed applications.the split screen functionalities which has been incorporated in this mobile is so useful when we use 2 pages simultaneously  be to do a particular activity      In terms of the camera the rear camera does a pretty good job in terms of capturing the pictures real and the clarity of the pictures taken are really good.the slow motion video recording  does a nice job      To summarise these are the plus points number 1 very smooth interface number 2 great camera number 3 stock Android number 4 design and build quality number 5 how smooth the phone performs in day-to-day activities without any lag number 6 the turbocharger compensates for the 3000 MaH battery        To summarise Moto G5 Plus is one of the best smartphones which will be ever available under the price tag of 20000.       READ MORE    | [Flipkart Customer, 19 Mar, 2017

I AM writing this review after Using 4monthes Both Moto G5 plus and Moto G5s plus    I would like to compare both the older and newer version as I have used both the Version Simultaneously.    Moto G5 plus over Moto G5s plus comparison:    Both the device come with Same Ram memory,Processor speed which is really fast and Games like Asphalt PES 2017 MLB 9innings run without any lag..    Moto G5 Plus has screen size lil less 5.2 whereas Moto G5s plus has a screen size of 5.5 inch.Both having Corning Gorilla glass 3 helps to prevent mild scratches on the screen.    Camera has a huge contrast in both the device as Moto G5 plus has only Single Rare cam it dont have Depth mode enable feature but as the F/1.7 for MotoG5plus it gives better low light result than MotoG5s plus.megaoixel there is not much difference in these two it's 12mp n 13mp respectively    But the MotoG5s plus has better front cam with 8mp camera over Moto G5 plus having 5mp camera    Rare Flash are same in both the device it is Dual flash    Front Flash is a completely added feature in Moto G5s plus    Moto G5 plus runs on Platform Androids version 7.0 while Moto G5s plus runs on Android version 7.1.1 which has only few extra features    Moto G5 plus has only one Speaker used for both Music playing also for Calling but Moto G5s plus has 2 separate speaker fr these two separate purposes.MotoG5 plus is Loud whereas MotoG5s plus is louder    MOTO G5 PLUS Has 32GB Rom where as Moto G5s plus has 64GB rom      Cons:      In Moto G5 Plus u can Use both Dual sim n A memory card( uptown 128GB) separately together but Moto G5s pLus has the Hybride Sim Slot which is according to me is the only Weak specifications in such a lovely Device.      To me If you are thinking of Fast gaming phone with Standard cam not having Fascination for Selfies n Wana Use Dual Sim with larger memory option U must opt for Moto G5 plus...!!!    Solely it is my own opinion which may differ from others    Thank you for Having Patience and Reading my Review...!!       READ MORE    | [Prithwish Mondal, 6 Nov, 2017

M - Marvelous performance    O - Outstanding Built and Captivating Design    T - Turbo Charge    O - Omnipotent Processor    R - Radiant Display    O - Obidient Google Assistant    L - Lag Free performance    A - Awesome Android experience      (G5 plus) - Outstanding camera+, Excellent built Quality+, Latest and pure Android+, Gorrila Glass protection+, Excellent Ram Management+       READ MORE    | [Soumendra Mukherjee, 22 Oct, 2017

What is wrong with Moto? I bought g5 plus 6 months back for 17000.I was saddened to see , in six months its price dropped by 2000 and it's predecessor g5s plus (with better specs) is priced at 16000.      Moto don't cheat us like this!!!       READ MORE    | [Tejas  Rane, 27 Sep, 2017

I purchased numbers of mobiles and other home appliance from flipcart even washing machine and TV also but never faced any type of problem but this time I'm feeling very bad because when I opened the flipcart polythene packing which was property sealed but the mobile box seal was not in intact condition and after opening it I found that the phone was not having any polythene cover and sim ejection tool was also missing it seems that some one opened the box earlier. I is fully horrible experience this time.          Flipcart need improvement on this kind of matter.       READ MORE    | [Yogendra Kumar, 14 Aug, 2017

Nice mobile, but bit costly compared to Redmi note 4.  Also space available in note 4 is 64 GB against 32 GB in Moto G5 plus.  The only plus point is Moto has Gorilla glass protection.  Also moto has dedicated SD card slot.  Whereas, Note 4 has hybrid slot, therefore at a time one can use 2 sim cards or one card and one SD card i.e. only two things at a time.       READ MORE    | [Joseph Nikalje, 5 Aug, 2017

Mind Blowing....      Battery backup is superb for whole day..    No lagging and excellent performance.    Camera is awesome...      Overall it's a best for budget buddies with this price range...      Flipkart delivery speed is excellent... Delivered within 20 hours.       READ MORE    | [Sathyadevan M, 2 Aug, 2017

Overall an amazing phone and justifies it's prize.    Only thing which I am unhappy is about heating. Heats very much during charging and bit during normal usage. Also I am not achieving charging time as specified by the company. Great difference is there between the actual time and time specified by company.       READ MORE    | [Rishabh Pandey, 20 Jul, 2017

Flipkart delivery was very prompt.Moto G5 plus in word is overrated phone for its specifications.Moto g4 plus is way better than this.If you are using g4plus better proceed with it don't upgrade to g5plus and get disappoint like me.       READ MORE    | [Rakesh Abothu, 10 Jul, 2017

